README-template.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Skilled e-learning landing page solution

This is a solution to the [Skilled e-learning landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/skilled-elearning-landing-page-S1ObDrZ8q). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

<!-- ![Design preview for the Product preview card component coding challenge](./design/Screenshot%202023-02-16%20121921.png) -->

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/hschu91466/skilled-elearning-landing-pages](https://github.com/hschu91466/skilled-elearning-landing-pages)
- Live Site URL: [https://hschu91466.github.io/skilled-elearning-landing-pages/](https://hschu91466.github.io/skilled-elearning-landing-pages/)

## My process

### Built with

- HTML5 markup
- Sass
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Bootstrap Grid
- Bootstrap Cards
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

### Continued development

### Useful resources

## Author

- Website - [Holly Schu](http://hollyschu.com/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yhschu91466](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/hschu91466)

Commit message:

Shout out to Kevin Powell

README-template.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Skilled e-learning landing page solution

This is a solution to the [Skilled e-learning landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/skilled-elearning-landing-page-S1ObDrZ8q). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

<!-- ![Design preview for the Product preview card component coding challenge](./design/Screenshot%202023-02-16%20121921.png) -->

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/hschu91466/skilled-elearning-landing-pages](https://github.com/hschu91466/skilled-elearning-landing-pages)
- Live Site URL: [https://hschu91466.github.io/skilled-elearning-landing-pages/](https://hschu91466.github.io/skilled-elearning-landing-pages/)

## My process

### Built with

- HTML5 markup
- Sass
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Bootstrap Grid
- Bootstrap Cards
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

### Continued development

### Useful resources

Kevin Powell https://www.youtube.com/@KevinPowell has really great and fun tutorials for CSS.

## Author

- Website - [Holly Schu](http://hollyschu.com/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yhschu91466](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/hschu91466)
